chore: various doc fixes (#942)
open-feature/flagd: docs/troubleshooting.md

```sh
{"value":1.23,"reason":"DEFAULT","variant":"one"}
```

---

## Extra/Duplicate Events in File Syncs

When using the file sync, you may notice more events than you'd expect.
This is attributable to nuances in text editors and the OS/filesystem.

> Most editors will cause a few filesystem events on a save, for instance, not just one as you might expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most editors will cause a few file system events on a save, for instance, not just one as you might expect.
```

Author: I think this is awkward. If always written this as one word (and most Linux foundation documentation I've read uses "filesystem")

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.linuxfoundation.org/blog/blog/classic-sysadmin-the-linux-filesystem-explained%3fhs_amp=true

Reviewer: If it's good enough for a random Linux blog it's good enough for me 😀.

Additionally, most filesystem operations are not atomic and also will result in multiple events.
Generally speaking, updating a symbolic link will result in only a single event, and may even be atomic on your filesystem/OS.
In fact, this is how Kubernetes handles changes to mounted ConfigMaps (OpenFeature Operator takes advantage of this fact in it's `file` mode).
**It's recommended if you're using the file sync in production, you use a symbolic link for the watched file, and update its contents by changing its target.**

---

## Received unexpected EOS on empty DATA frame from server

This error message indicates that HTTP2 requests are being blocked (gRPC runs over HTTP2).
You may need to explicitly allow HTTP2 or gRPC in your platform if you're using the [sync gRPC service](./reference/specifications/protos.md#syncv1sync_serviceproto).

!!! note

>     HTTP2 _is not_ strictly for the flag [evaluation gRPC service](./reference/specifications/protos.md#schemav1schemaproto), which is exposed both as a gRPC service and a ReSTful HTTP/1.1 service, thanks to the [connect protocol](https://connectrpc.com/docs/protocol/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    HTTP2 _is not_ strictly for the flag [evaluation gRPC service](./reference/specifications/protos.md#schemav1schemaproto), which is exposed both as a gRPC service and a RESTful HTTP/1.1 service, thanks to the [connect protocol](https://connectrpc.com/docs/protocol/).
```
